Contrib gorm (#27)
ncarlier/feedpushr: contrib/gormdb/README.md

# Gorm-DB plugin for Feedpushr

> Send new articles to a RMDB database (Mysql, PostgreSQL, sqlite3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send new articles to a RDBMS (Mysql, PostgreSQL or sqlite3).
```
